How does a pastored, more fun, daughter of Don
And a toe head, dropped in the middle of a forgotten spot in rural Oregon by providence
impoverished
In squalor, grow up to be a hero and a mother?
She had a blood brother, sometimes they had no mother
got a lot further by being a care giver
By swimming up river with no one to relieve her 
By seventeen she lived in Paris, France - an achiever!
And every day while folks were going homeless from mental disease
No facilities, she struggled and kept her guard up
Inside, she was longing for something to be a part of
The Kerry was ready to beg, steal, borrow, or barter
She went to college, and then law school, but she strained
Our woman saw her future drip, dripping down the drain
One summer, an internship in housing got arranged
And she wrote her first refrain, about homelessness and pain
Well, the word got around, they said, this girl is insane, man
Randy Shaw said, "I want her to be my right hand man."
In those days, THC was pretty much a wasteland
But the world's gonna know your name
What's your name, man?
I'm Kerry Maureen Abbott				
Oh, my name is Kerry Maureen Abbott
And there's a million things I haven't done
But just you wait, just you wait
She had Jakob at twenty-seven and Ben at thirty-three
Alice two years later, it was a question of degree
With her new husband, Hank, she had a busy family
But the problems in San Francisco, even she did not foresee
Became a consultant, but the work was never citywide
Left her with nothin' but ruined pride, something new inside voice saying
Kerry, gotta work in the gritty
She started retreatin' and readin' a pamphlet on the city
There would have been nothin' left to do for someone less astute
San Francisco's homeless would be doomed without her masterful solutions
So when Sam called, bawled, said you've got an interview
She went fast, she passed, she wondered, "What's this ballyhoo?"
Scammin' for every book she could get her hands on
Plannin' for the future see her now as she works on the
Seven thousand homeless, the battle's far from won, but
But working in San Francisco you can get things done
In San Fran you can get things done - Just you wait x3
In San Fran (San Fran) Just you wait!
Kerry Maureen Abbott
They are waiting in your field for you
You could never back down, people you could not deny
Oh, Kerry Maureen Abbott
When Jeff Kositsky yells at you
Does he know what you overcame
Does he know you rewrote the game
The world will never be the same oh
Her car is in the driveway now
See if you can spot her
Another very tired deputy director
We'll make sure her long, hard job will not overly affect her	
(Everyone) We wait late for her.
(Jakob) I take out trash her.
(Alice) I sing songs for her.
(Ben) I buy boats before her.
(Hank) And me? I'm the damn fool who disagrees with her.
There's a million things she hasn't done
But just you waaaaiiit
What's your name, man?
Kerry Maureen Abbott
Happy birthday!!!

cc is bad